this is a nine million dollar 275
thousand pound Atlas Athena rocket today
it circles the globe at a speed of over
18,000 miles an hour in little more than
80 minutes is this any way to see the
world it's a wonderful world if you'll
only take the time the Goron are you
formally challenging me to undertake a
journey around the world in 80 days I
said this is absurd
gentlemen I have on deposit at Barings
Bank the sum of 20,000 pounds and I'm
willing to wager any or all of it upon
the same contention namely that I can
complete a tour of the world in 80 days
Michael clubs around the world in 80
days
we make all the stops to oceans I've
seen
eight ways to trap
sixteen
forty-eight fantastic stars and 52 best
picture award I'm in pursuit of a very
cunning very slippery criminal who
Phileas Fogg Esquire of Savile Roland
pile everything that will burn into the
stokehole decks masts everything
including the lifeboats
how was the delay Indians but they're
peaceful Indians
take her alone take everybody alone
every seat is first-class and we've got
enough seats for everybody
this is the way to travel
it is a wonderful world if you'll take
the time to go around Michael Thomas
around the world and